
Installation
------------
1. Download the StarDist virtual environment ZIP file "StarDist_virtualEnvironment.zip" from dropbox
   https://www.dropbox.com/s/482p8iz5dt77oo8/StarDist_virtualEnvironment.zip?dl=1
2. Unzip "StarDist_virtualEnvironment.zip" to a local folder
3. The StarDist python recipe for Aivia is "\StarDist_venv\StarDist_Aivia.py"


Execution
---------
1. Load StarDist python recipe "StarDist_Aivia.py" onto Aivia
   - "StarDist_Aivia.py" is stored under the top folder "\StarDist_venv"
   - Load the recipe by using "File>Open" or drag-and-drop
2. Load target image onto Aivia
3. In Aivia analysis tools, adjust input, output, and processing parameters
4. Click on "Start" button and wait for the result


StarDist Information
--------------------
This Aivia python recipe applies the StraDist 2D or 3D deep learning model to generate segmentation for convex shape objects in 2D or 3D images.

* StarDist GitHub: https://github.com/mpicbg-csbd/stardist

The source of the pre-trained 2D and 3D StarDist Models are listed below:

1. 2D_demo model: https://github.com/mpicbg-csbd/stardist/tree/master/models/examples/2D_demo
2. 2D_dsb_2018: https://github.com/mpicbg-csbd/stardist/tree/master/models/paper/2D_dsb2018
3. 2D_fluor_nuc: https://drive.switch.ch/index.php/s/oCGZJaM949hMzjJ
   * Please also check: https://github.com/mpicbg-csbd/stardist/issues/46
4. 3D_demo model: https://github.com/mpicbg-csbd/stardist/tree/master/models/examples/3D_demo

There are a few important parameters for running StarDist:

* Model: 
  * The user chooses which pre-trained StarDist model to use.

* Probability Threshold:
  * Pixels/Voxels with confidence lower than this threshold will be excluded for consideration. Higher probability threshold values lead to fewer segmented objects, but will likely avoid false positives.

* NMS Threshold:
  * NMS stands for Non-maximum suppression threshold. A higher NMS threshold allows segmented objects to overlap substantially. A lower NMS threshold   suppresses the object with lower confidence.

* Percentile Normalization:
  * We provide percentile-base normalization for users. The default is 2.0 for percentile_low and 99.9 for percentile_high. If percentile_low is higher than or equal to percentile_high, the recipe will choose the default value.

* Output Type:
  * The output could be a labeled or a binary segmentation mask.

Requirements
------------
StarDist_venv - the StarDist python virtual environment in a folder that contains all required python packages to run the StarDist.


Parameters
----------
* Input Image : Aivia channel
  * Input channel to segment.

* Percentile Normalization High (0.0-100.0) : double
  * The percentile to be normalized to 1.

* Percentile Normalization Low (0.0-100.0) : double
  * The percentile to be normalized to 0.

* NMS Threshold (0.0-1.0) : double
  * Non maximum suppression threshold.

* Probability Threshold (0.0-1.0) : double
  * If an object's confidence is lower than this threshold, it will be removed.

* Model(0:demo,1:fluor, 2:DSB,3:3D) : int
  * To determine which pre-trained StarDist model you wish to run.
    * 0 : 2D_demo
    * 1 : 2D_fluor_nuc
    * 2 : 2D_DSB
    * 3 : 3D_demo

* Output(0:Lb,1:Msk) : int
  * To set the output type for the segmentation mask.
    * 0 : labeled segmentation mask
    * 1 : binary segmentation mask 


Returns
-------
* Aivia channel
  * The labeled or binary segmentation mask generated by applying the StarDist model.